feat(components): [loading] replenish loading attributes (#17174)
element-plus/element-plus: docs/en-US/component/loading.md

| spinner              | class name of the custom spinner                                                                                                                                         | ^[string]                  | —             |
| background           | background color of the mask                                                                                                                                             | ^[string]                  | —             |
| customClass          | custom class name for loading                                                                                                                                            | ^[string]                  | —             |
| svg                  | custom SVG element to override the default loading spinner                                                                                                               | ^[string]                  | —             |

> | svgViewBox           | sets the viewBox attribute for loading svg element                                                                                                                       | ^[string]                  | —             |
> | beforeClose ^(2.8.0) | Function executed before loading attempts to close. If this function returns false, the closing process will be aborted. Otherwise, the loading will close.              | ^[Function]`() => boolean` | —             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| svg-view-box           | sets the viewBox attribute for loading svg element                                                                                                                       | ^[string]                  | —             |
| before-close ^(2.8.0) | Function executed before loading attempts to close. If this function returns false, the closing process will be aborted. Otherwise, the loading will close.              | ^[Function]`() => boolean` | —             |
```

Author: @tolking Thx for the review. But it seems to be a configuration item of the service, not a property configuration item of the directive. I think camel case is correct, just like `customClass`. May I know your thoughts on this?

Reviewer: You are right.

It seems that this PR has no breaking changes, perhaps we can merge it before 2.8.0

`2.8.0` -> `2.7.8`

Author: 我不用改吧？我记得那个版本号会自动替换。

Reviewer: 我怎么记得没有这个功能

Author: > 我怎么记得没有这个功能

我之前提其他pr也是写的下一个小版本，结果他们又让我改成下一个大版本了说可以自动替换，#14925就是一个例子

Reviewer 2: 并没有自动替换的功能，版本标记都是手动添加的，方便标记某些功能是哪个版本之后才有的。

Author: > 并没有自动替换的功能，版本标记都是手动添加的，方便标记某些功能是哪个版本之后才有的。

那我需要把版本改成2.7.8对吗？我已经懵了，我之前一直以为是下一个大版本😂

Author: @btea @tolking done~

| background  | background color of the mask                                                                                                                                             | ^[string]                  | —             |
| customClass | custom class name for loading                                                                                                                                            | ^[string]                  | —             |
| svg         | custom SVG element to override the default loading spinner                                                                                                               | ^[string]                  | —             |
| svgViewBox  | sets the viewBox attribute for loading svg element                                                                                                                       | ^[string]                  | —             |
| beforeClose | Function executed before loading attempts to close. If this function returns false, the closing process will be aborted. Otherwise, the loading will close.              | ^[Function]`() => boolean` | —             |

> | closed      | Function triggered after loading has completely closed                                                                                                                   | ^[Function]`() => void`    | —             |

Reviewer 2: `beforeClose` and `closed` seem to be ignored in the code. If the documentation is added, the code should also be updated synchronously.

Author: I think these methods need to be added, i'll fix this.

Author: > `beforeClose` and `closed` seem to be ignored in the code. If the documentation is added, the code should also be updated synchronously.

`directives` no need to add beforeClose & closed. I only added `closed` and `beforeClose` to the declarative call **loading**

Reviewer 2: I don’t know if it was missed before or deliberately not written. Now it is a new addition so it is best to add a new version number.

Reviewer 2: It should be enough to add `beforeClose` and `closed`, and other property configurations will take effect. These two functions will take effect only after this modification.

Author: > It should be enough to add `beforeClose` and `closed`, and other property configurations will take effect. These two functions will take effect only after this modification.

ok，i'll fix this.

Author: Done. Thank you for patiently responding.
